I have broadcasted several times so far, but this is the first time I broadcast at this time.
I learned that there was a book when I was young.
I will not be able to read the book at my age.
I will speak with only one memory, but I beg your pardon.
On June 2, 1910,
Nobunaga was shot by a Japanese soldier
who was in the Japanese army.
He was shot by Nobunaga
in the hand of Yasuda Sakude,
who was in China.
He was killed in the battle of Yamazaki
on June 13, 1910,
when the grass was wet.
Nobunaga, Nobutada, and others
had not yet been granted a funeral.
Shibata Katsugi, the head of the army,
was granted the funeral
on October 15, 1910.
Nobunaga was killed in the battle of Yamazaki
in the hands of Yasuda Sakude,
who was in the Japanese army.
His death was on the 3rd day of the Japanese War.
He was sentenced to 35 years.
Blind Kageyu said to the prince,
collaborators,
when he arrived at the sociology building,
we pushed out a mysterious force and
started deathwarp.
For the sake of significance and strength,
we believed in the seeds and powers of the tree.
the number 1 An Emmons
Sounds of rising cod
The second
Sound of the Isidoka
The world willazuje
The third
Thirty thousand in black
The fourth
Twenty thousand in 날
The fifth
Honeyw sour
At the end of E告 glorification
I bring-way, sons to收担先 Collins supper
Lab 63,And boil again
The same Shin-Yin family, father and son